en: mount multiple pv for tidbcluster (#870)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/configure-a-tidb-cluster.md

>
> When you create the TiDB cluster, if you set a storage class that does not exist in the Kubernetes cluster, then the TiDB cluster creation goes to the Pending state. In this situation, you must [destroy the TiDB cluster in Kubernetes](destroy-a-tidb-cluster.md) and retry the creation.

### Multiple disks mounting

TiDB Operator supports mounting multiple PVs for PD, TiDB, and TiKV, which can be used for data writing for different purposes.

> You can configure each component with the `storageVolumes` field to describe multiple user-custom PVs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the `storageVolumes` field for each component to describe multiple user-customized PVs.
```

The meanings of the related fields are as follows:

> - `storageVolume.name`: The name of PV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `storageVolume.name`: The name of the PV.
```

> - `storageVolume.storageClassName`: The StorageClass that PV uses. If not configured, spec.pd/tidb/tikv.storageClassName will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `storageVolume.storageClassName`: The StorageClass that the PV uses. If not configured, `spec.pd/tidb/tikv.storageClassName` will be used.
```

> - `storageVolume.storageSize`:The size of the requested PV storage capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `storageVolume.storageSize`: The storage size of the requested PV.
```
